We're not doing an SVCB mapping (#49)
core-wg/draft-dns-over-coap: draft-ietf-core-dns-over-coap.md

Specifying an alternate discovery mechanism is out of scope of this specification.
{{-core-dnr}} provides  further exploration of the challenges here.

This document is not an SVCB mapping document for the CoAP schemes

> as defined in {{Section 2.4.3 of svcb}}.

Author: Sorry, did a `git pfusch` without lease and thus lost your change; reconstructing…

  As a fallback, an address MAY be queried for the target name of the SVCB record.
- The destination port for the request MUST be taken from the "port" SvcParam value, if present.
  Otherwise, take the default port of the CoAP transport.
  There are no limitations on the ports that can be used.

>   ({{Section 12 of svcb}} recommends placing such restrictions
>   if a crafted SVCB record would allow its originator to influence message payload,
>   but the Uri-Path option which it can influence is only sent in the plaintext of an encrytped (D)TLS channel).

Reviewer: This sentence reads somewhat hard and I would not use parentheses here.

```suggestion
If a malicious SVCB record allows its originator to influence message payloads, {{Section 12 of svcb}} recommends placing such restrictions.
However, the SVCB record for DoC services only infuences the Uri-Path option.
That option is only sent in the plaintext of an encrytped (D)TLS channel.
```

  As a fallback, an address MAY be queried for the target name of the SVCB record.
- The destination port for the request MUST be taken from the "port" SvcParam value, if present.
  Otherwise, take the default port of the CoAP transport, e.g., with regards to this specification TCP port 5684 for "coap" or UDP port 5684 for "co".

>   There are no limitations on the ports that can be used.

Author: Well, the goal of stating things here already is that we can complete this document without incurring a normative reference to a document that, while already a WG document, is moving way more slowly -- but I think a good phrasing can say that until there is a full mapping, no restrictions apply.

  If a malicious SVCB record allows its originator to influence message payloads, {{Section 12 of -svcb}} recommends placing such restrictions.
  However, the SVCB record for DoC services only infuences the Uri-Path option.

>   That option is only sent in the plaintext of an encrytped (D)TLS channel.

Author: I hope that this can be better addressed by asking client to keep session tickets bound to a single address.

After all, this attack would otherwise just work outside DNR: If the vulnerable service is on 192.168.0.1:4444, an attacker would Just^TM need to get a client on the LAN to contact `coap://attackercontrolled.example.com:4444` which initially points to the attacker's server, set a crafted session ticket, make the client go again, this time attackercontrolled.example.com points to 192.168.0.1, client sends session ticket, and boom. Using a port SvcbParam (or any SvcbParam at all) is an enabler if the client gets whom-to-contact from DNR, but that seems to be a special case of something more general to be addressed.

I'm a bit short on time before the deadline, so I'll aim for a best-effort text now, hope we can chat a bit during IETF123.
